547
A flashing red traffic light signifies that a driver should do what?	A	stop	speed up	proceed with caution	honk the horn
A knish is traditionally stuffed with what filling?	A	potato	creamed corn	lemon custard	raspberry jelly
A pita is a type of what?	B	fresh fruit	flat bread	French tart	friend bean dip
A portrait that comically exaggerates a person's physical traits is called a what?	B	landscape	caricature	still life	Impressionism
A second-year college student is usually called a what?	A	sophomore	senior	freshman 	junior
A student who earns a J.D. can begin his or her career as a what?	A	lawyer	bricklayer	doctor	accountant
A triptych is a work of art that is painted on how many panels?	B	two	three	five	eight
According to a famous line from the existentialist play 'No Exit' what is hell?	B	oneself	other people	little made large	hued in green and blue
According to a popular slogan, what state should people not 'mess with'?	B	New York	Texas	Montana	Rhode Island
According to a Yale University study, what smell is the most recognizable to American adults?	D	tuna	laundry	popcorn	coffee
According to folklore, the 'jackalope' is an antlered version of what animal?	B	chicken	rabbit	moose	snake
According to Greek mythology, who was Apollo's twin sister?	B	Aphrodite	Artemis	Venus	Athena
According to legend, if you give someone the 'evil eye' what are you doing?	A	cursing them	blessing a child	counting money	passing time
According to legend, in what country are you most likely to meet a leprechaun?	A	Ireland	Poland	Greenland	Scotland
According to the American Kennel Club, what is the most popular breed of dog in the US as of 1999?	D	Poodle	Beagle	German shepherd	Labrador retriever
According to the Bible, Moses and Aaron had a sister named what?	D	Jochebed	Ruth	Leah	Miriam
According to the children's nursery rhyme, what type of ocean did Columbus sail in 1492?	B	calm	blue	windy	really big
According to the Mother Goose nursery rhyme, which child is full of woe?	B	Monday's child	Wednesday's child	Thursday's child	Saturday's child
According to the popular saying, what should you do 'when in Rome'?	C	watch your wallet	see the Coliseum	as the Romans do	don't drink the water
According to the proverb, necessity is the mother of what?	A	Invention	Luck	Problems	Procrastination
According to the title of a popular children's TV show, what color is Bear's big house?	D	red	green	purple	blue
According to the USDA, which food group should you eat the most servings of per day?	D	vegetables	dairy	meats	breads
Ada Lovelace is credited with being the first person to have made what?	A	a computer program	a souffle	a brassiere	a mystery novel
After Prince Charles, who is next in line to be the king of England?	A	Prince William	Prince Andrew	Prince Edward	Fresh Prince
An airplane's black box is usually what color?	C	black	white	orange	purple
As of 1999, which state has the most Girl Scouts?	A	California	Illinois	New York	Pennsylvania
Astronaut John Glenn served as a pilot in what branch of the military?	C	Army	Air Force	Marines	Navy
At the equator, how fast is the earth's surface turning?	C	about 100 miles per hour	about 500 miles per hour	about 1000 miles per hour	about 2000 miles per hour
At what age can someone first attend an R-rated movie without an accompanying adult?	C	15	17	18	21
Backgammon is a how many player game?	A	Two	Three	Four	Six
Before he went into coaching, Phil Jackson played for which of the following NBA teams?	C	Boston Celtics	Los Angeles Lakers	New York Knicks	Philadelphia 76ers
By what name is Bob Keeshan better known?	C	Bozo the Clown	Pee Wee Herman	Captain Kangaroo	Buffalo Bob
By what collective name do Christians refer to God the Father, God the Son and the Holy Ghost?	D	the Trio	the Troika	the Triumvirate	the Trinity
By what nickname is the Federal National Mortgage Association known?	D	Morty	FEMA	Freddie Mac	Fannie Mae
Cheddar cheese got its name from a village in what country?	A	England	France	Switzerland	Denmark
Cheese is a necessary ingredient in which of these dishes?	C	sushi	french fries	veal parmigiano	chicken pot pie
During what war did Francis Scott Key write the words to 'The Star-Spangled Banner'?	B	American Revolution	War of 1812	Civil War	World War I
During which war did US troops fight the Battle of New Orleans?	D	American Revolution	Civil War	Mexican War	War of 1812
Each year in pro baseball, the player voted as the best fielder at his position wins what?	B	a brand new car	the Gold Glove	the Silver Bat	the Brass Baseball
Elephant tusks are made of what material?	B	coral	ivory	bone	calcium
Excluding wisdom teeth, how many adult teeth do humans have?	A	28	32	35	40
For a man and woman on a date, 'dutch treat' means what?	D	the man pays	the woman pays	the Dutch pay	each pays their own way
For what purpose would you use an awl?	C	to shoot ducks	to polish floors	to make holes	to weigh fruit
From 1971 to 1997, the Democratic Republic of Congo was known as what?	A	Zaire	Angola	Rhodesia	Belgian Congo
From what language does the term 'R.S.V.P.' originate?	D	Russian	Italian	Portuguese	French
From whom does the Lutheran Church get its name?	B	Martin Luther King Jr	Martin Luther	Luther Vandross	Lex Luthor
Gerry Adams is the president of what organization?	C	Greenpeace	NASCAR	Sinn Fein	PLO
Girls of what religious community traditionally wear bonnets?	A	Amish	Sikh	Roman Catholic	Christian
How are actors Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez related?	B	they're cousins	they're brothers	they're father and son	they're uncle and nephew
How do you express 3/4 as a decimal?	C	.25	.50	.75	.90
How is 4:00 pm expressed in military time?	A	1600	004	0400 	4:00
How is the Arabic numeral for '2' written?	A	2	II	I	ii
How is the word 'ambulance' normally written on the front of American ambulances?	B	in French	in reverse	in braille	in gibberish
How long is a single term in the US Senate?	C	two years	four years	six years	eight years
How long is the time on an NBA shot clock?	B	18 seconds	24 seconds	30 seconds	35 seconds
How many $100 bills does it take to equal one million dollars?	C	one thousand	five thousand	ten thousand	one hundred thousand
How many axles does a standard automobile have?	B	one	two	four	eight
How many digits are in a standard Visa credit card number?	C	12	15	16	20
How many eyes does a Giraffe have?	B	one	two	three	four
How many innings are there in a regular Major League Baseball game?	C	seven	eight	nine	ten
How many keys are on a standard piano?	C	20	54	88	100
How many men has actress Elizabeth Taylor been divorced from?	C	five	six	seven	eight
How many ounces are in a pound?	C	4	12	16	32
How many periods are there in an ice hockey game?	C	One	Two	Three	Four
How many quarts are there in a gallon?	D	one	two	three	four
How many ribs are there in the human body?	B	18	24	30	42
How many ships did Columbus set sail with on his initial voyage to the New World?	B	Two	Three	Five	Ten
How many spikes are on the Statue of Liberty's crown?	B	five	seven	nine	thirteen
How many stars are on the American flag?	C	13	48	50	51
How many states were in the Confederate States of America?	A	11	13	16	22
How much does Peanuts character Lucy charge for her psychiatric advice?	A	5 cents	10 cents	75 cents	$125
How long is Hanukkah?	C	one day	five days	eight days	two weeks
Huffy, Schwinn and Raleigh are all brands of what?	D	sportswear	dishwashers	cigarettes	bicycles
If a business files under Chapter 11 what is it doing?	A	declaring bankruptcy	selling stock	buying a smaller	company suing the government
If a piece of music is in 'common time' how many quarter notes are there per measure?	B	one	four	five	ten
If a ring has the number 925 stamped into it, it is most likely made of what material?	D	platinum	gold	steel	silver
If Christmas Day is on a Saturday, then the following New Year's Day falls on what day of the week?	D	Sunday	Monday	Friday	Saturday
If someone has cataracts, what part of their body might need an operation?	C	ear	hand	eye	knee
If you are 'riding fakie' inside a 'half pipe' what are you probably doing?	C	skiing	biking	snowboarding	surfing
If you are truly afraid of the dark, what do you suffer from?	D	hypnophobia	cryptophobia	hadephobia	nyctophobia
If you are watching a Shavian play, who is the author?	C	Shakespeare	Aeschylus	George Bernard Shaw	Anton Chekhov
If you ask for 'gai' at a Thai restaurant, what will you get?	B	shrimp	chicken	beef	pork
If you dial '411' on a telephone, who are you calling?	C	the police	the White House	directory assistance	Moviefone
If you have a 'sawbuck' how much money do you have?	C	$1	$5	$10	$20
If you work as a 'dolly grip' what business are you in?	B	sheep farming	film production	construction	moving
In 1909, Frederick Cook claimed to be the first explorer to reach what location?	D	Mount Everest	Bermuda Triangle	Atlantis	North Pole
In 1926, the Harlem Globetrotters basketball team was formed in what city?	C	Boston	Philadelphia	Chicago	New York City
In 1960, Nazi official Adolph Eichmann was finally captured in what country?	C	Brazil	East Germany	Argentina	Paraguay
In 1978, who became the youngest jockey ever to win horse racing's triple crown?	B	Jerry Bailey	Steve Cauthen	Willie Shoemaker	Pasquale Devito
In 1986, Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi drew a so-called 'Line of Death' over what body of water?	A	Gulf of Sidra	Gulf of Oman	Red Sea	Persian Gulf
In a game with no wild cards, what is the highest possible poker hand?	B	straight flush	royal flush	full house	four of a kind
In America, what is the main ingredient in pepperoni?	D	fish	pepper	wheat	meat
In American football, how many points is a touchdown worth?	C	two	three	six	seven
In an adult human, how long is the large intestine?	B	one foot	five feet	twelve feet	twenty feet
In baseball, how many balls make a walk?	D	one	two	three	four
In bowling, how many pins must you knock down to get a strike?	C	zero	8	10	12
In British currency, how many pence make a pound?	B	10	100	500	1000
In computer terminology, what does the acronym 'FTP' stand for?	A	file transfer protocol	full time portal	full text processor	free to print
In computer terminology, what does the acronym 'ISP' stand for?	D	Individual Site Privacy	Investment Stability Plan	Internal Security Position	Internet Service Provider
In cooking, the term 'au gratin' is sometimes used to describe a dish with what topping?	A	cheese	fruit	gravy	whipped cream
In golf, what is one stroke over par called?	B	eagle	bogey	dormy	birdie
In Greek mythology, what is the name of Zeus' father?	B	Apollo	Cronus	Prometheus	Hercules
In horse racing, what is the term for a wager on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd place finishers in a specific race?	B	triple action	trifecta	exacta	triple crown
In ice hockey, which of the following is not a penalty?	C	hooking	charging	carving	butt-ending
In Mister Rogers' theme song, what does he ask you to be?	C	his cook	his student	his neighbor	all you can be
In mobster lingo, if you 'sing like a canary' what are you doing?	B	impersonating Sinatra	talking to the cops	killing an enemy	betting on horses
In soccer, which player is allowed to use his or her hands in the field of play?	D	midfielder	center	sweeper	goalkeeper
In the 1960s 'Batman' TV series, who was not a guest villain?	D	The Minstrel	The Archer	The Bookworm	The Squeegee Guy
In the 1976 remake of the classic film 'King Kong' what New York landmark does the giant ape climb?	C	Statue of Liberty	Empire State Building	World Trade Center	Chrysler Building
In the 1992 animated film 'Aladdin' what device does the hero use to travel from place to place?	C	talking car	winged horse	magic carpet	hot air balloon
In the Arthurian legend, who is married to Guinevere?	B	Merlin	King Arthur	Lancelot	Camelot
In the card game blackjack, how much are a queen and a king worth-together?	C	11	15	20	21
In the children's game, what color is 'Rover'?	C	green	black	red	blue
In the classic song 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' for whom do we 'root root root'?	B	the umpire	the home team	the bat boy	Mighty Casey
In the comic strip 'Peanuts' what is Schroeder known for doing?	C	Dancing	playing football	playing the piano	Flying an imaginary plane
In the famous ballet 'The Nutcracker' who does the hero defeat?	B	Sugar Plum Fairy	Rat King	Snow Queen	Marzipan
In the famous baseball poem 'Casey at the Bat' Casey plays for the team from what town?	C	Stormfield	Fog City	Mudville	Waterlog
In the film 'Easy Rider' what emblem is on the back of Peter Fonda's leather jacket?	B	peace symbol	American flag	two white doves	Harley-Davidson logo
In the film 'The Talented Mr. Ripley' who plays Mr. Ripley?	B	Jude Law	Matt Damon	Dustin Hoffman	Ben Affleck
In the Jimmy Buffet song 'Margaritaville' what is the singer searching for?	B	a lime	a shaker of salt	his car keys	the bartender
In the movie 'Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me' what is the name of Dr. Evil's diminitive clone?	B	Little Buddy	Mini-Me	Small Fry	Dr. Evil Jr
In the movie 'Star Wars' what kind of creature is Chewbacca?	C	Woolie	Boobie	Wookie	Klingon
In the novel 'Around the World in 80 Days' Phileas Fogg's faithful valet is named what?	B	Sancho Panza	Passepartout	Renfield	Savoir Faire
In the novel 'The Adventures of Tom Sawyer' what is the name of Tom's sweetheart?	B	Polly Finn	Becky Thatcher	Nancy Drew	Emma Bovary
In the original 'Get Smart' TV series, what is agent Maxwell Smart's code name?	A	Agent 86	Agent 99	Larrabee	The Chief
In the sci-fi movie 'Fantastic Voyage' where do the voyagers travel?	B	through outer space	through a human body	to the ocean floor	to the center of the earth
In the story 'Jack and the Beanstalk' what does Jack trade to get the magic beans?	A	a cow	a hat	a harp	a goose
In the television network abbreviation 'ABC' what does the 'A' stand for?	C	Artistic	Audio	American	Adult
In the phrase 'Y2K' what does 'K' stand for?	D	millennium	computer code	catastrophe	thousand
In the United States, what is the first day of spring?	B	February 21	March 21	April 21	May 21
In traditional English puppet shows, who is married to the character Punch?	C	Debbie	Victoria	Judy	Barbara
In what city is TV's 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' set?	D	Dallas	Chicago	New York	Minneapolis
In what city would you find people studying art and design at the Fashion Institute of Technology?	B	Paris	New York	Los Angeles	Melbourne
In what country are police officers referred to as 'bobbies'?	C	Israel	Greece	England	France
In what country did Magic Johnson play professional basketball during the 1999 season?	B	United States	Sweden	Israel	Turkey
In what country did Pokemon originate?	C	France	Hungary	Japan	Canada
In what decade did Israel become an independent state?	B	1920s	1940s	1950s	1960s
In what decade was the Hula-Hoop invented?	C	1890s	1920s	1950s	1970s
In what forest did Robin Hood live?	D	Black Forest	Petrified Forest	Nottingham Forest	Sherwood Forest
In what restaurant can you order a Grand Slam breakfast?	A	Denny's	McDonald's	Burger King	Hardee's
In what sport do athletes compete for the Walker Cup?	D	cricket	tennis	squash	golf
In what sport do you find 'steel cage' matches?	C	boxing	fencing	pro wrestling	college basketball
In what state is the 1999 movie 'Magnolia' set?	A	California	South Carolina	Georgia	Texas
In what U.S. city can you find the Basketball Hall of Fame?	C	Canton, Ohio	Cooperstown, New York	Springfield, Massachusetts	Lawrence, Kansas
In what year did the Great Depression begin?	B	1884	1929	1953	1975
In what year did the United States last win an Olympic gold medal in men's ice hockey?	B	1976	1980	1984	1988
In which of the following bands did Jimmy Page not play guitar?	A	Bad Company	The Firm	Led Zeppelin	The Yardbirds
In which of these sports do competitors use a 'funny car'?	D	supercross	dogsledding	gymnastics	drag racing
In what war did Joan of Arc fight?	A	Hundred Years' War	Franco-Prussian War	French Revolution	French and Indian War
Including the bottom, how many sides are on a square-based pyramid?	C	three	four	five	six
Into what body of water does the Rhone River flow?	D	Atlantic Ocean	Caspian Sea	North Sea	Mediterranean Sea
John D. Rockefeller made his fortune in what industry?	B	automobile 	oil	steel	railroad
Modern computer microchips are primarily composed of what element?	B	Sodium	Silicon	Aluminum	Silver
Mohair is made from the fleece of what animal?	C	camel	llama	goat	mole
'Nature, Mr. Allnut, is what we are put in this world to rise above' is a line from what film?	B	'Citizen Kane'	'The African Queen'	'The Deer Hunter'	'Adam's Rib'
On a set of jumper cables, what color designates the negative connector?	A	black	red	orange	blue
On average, what length of time passes between high tides?	C	3 hours, 25 minutes	6 hours, 25 minutes	12 hours, 25 minutes	24 hours, 25 minutes
On the TV show 'CHiPs' what was Officer Frank Poncherello's nickname?	B	Franky	Ponch	Chipper	Hot Dog
On the TV show 'Hill Street Blues' what is Joyce Davenport's nickname for Captain Frank Furillo?	B	Furry Monster	Pizza Man	Snookums	Baby Cakes
On TV's 'Seinfeld' what type of doctor did Mr. Costanza go to when he sat on 'fusilli Jerry'?	D	ophthalmologist	cardiologist	neurologist	proctologist
On Valentine's Day 2000, NASA's NEAR spacecraft began a yearlong orbit of what asteroid?	A	Eros	Cupid	Aphrodite	Venus
On what continent can you find tigers in the wild?	B	Africa	Asia	Europe	South America
On what body part should you wear a babushka?	A	head	hands	foot	legs
On which part of a car would you find the 'caliper'?	D	battery	engine	radiator	brakes
Paper will burn at approximately what temperature, in Fahrenheit?	D	98.6 degrees	212.5 degrees	398.5 degrees	451 degrees
People are supposed to drive on the left-hand side of the road in which country?	C	France	Italy	England	Germany
Phoebe, Dione and Helene are moons of what planet?	B	Jupiter	Saturn	Neptune	Pluto
Pop icon Tiny Tim was famous for playing what musical instrument?	A	ukulele	kazoo	accordion	fiddle
Someone would most likely contract salmonella poisoning from eating which of the following?	B	carrots	chicken	tofu	rice
Stevie Wonder and Michael Jackson have both recorded duets with which former Beatle?	A	Paul McCartney	John Lennon	George Harrison	Ringo Starr
The American patriot Paul Revere was named for his father, whose original name was what?	C	John Paul Revere	Paul Silver	Apollos Rivoire	Paolo Reverini
The Original Apple iMac computer was available in all of the following colors except which?	C	Tangerine	Strawberry	Kiwi	Grape
The 'Arkansas toothpick' is better known by what name?	D	Scottie Pippen	spare rib	pinkie finger	Bowie knife
The British dish 'bangers and mash' is made up of sausage and what?	D	eggs	bacon	liver	potatoes
The common term for someone who has difficulty seeing objects in the distance is what?	B	farsighted	nearsighted	hindsighted	hypermetropic
The dance known as the 'fandango' is of what origin?	D	Australian	African	Native American	Spanish
The disco band ABBA comes from what country?	B	Norway	Sweden	Switzerland	The Netherlands
The film 'Stand By Me' is based on a novel by what author?	B	Anne Proulx	Stephen King	Dean Koontz	Frank McCourt
The first commercial radio station was located in what city?	C	Chicago	Austin	Pittsburgh	Cleveland
The first sound recording to be made and reproduced was a recitation of what nursery rhyme?	B	'Humpty Dumpty'	'Mary Had a Little Lamb'	'Jack Be Nimble'	'Home, Sweet Home'
The majority of calcium in the human body is found where?	C	hair	blood	bones	digestive tract
The phrase 'hospital corners' refers to what?	A	bed sheets	paint	landscaping	scissors
The process of drilling holes in the skull is called what?	B	bifurcation	trepanation	aeronomy	skullduggery
The sport of judo comes from what Asian country?	A	Japan	Vietnam	Laos	Philippines
The Strauss family of composers popularized what dance?	A	waltz	tango	fox-trot	square dance
The term 'chili con carne' refers to chili with what?	B	beans 	meat	cheese	chili peppers
The TV show 'House of Style' airs on what network?	C	E	WB	MTV	Home Shopping Network
To create a tapestry, one must traditionally engage in what activity?	A	weaving	sculpting	baking	singing
To make an international telephone call from within the US, what are the first numbers you should dial?	A	011	101	888	911
To ward off bad luck, what do many people do to wood?	A	knock on it	kiss it	thank it	scratch it
What actress starred on 'Charlie's Angels' for the show's entire run?	C	Cheryl Ladd	Farrah Fawcett	Jaclyn Smith	Kate Jackson
What animal is considered sacred in India?	B	sheep	cow	chicken	dog
What animal is used to make lard?	A	pig	cow	snake	chicken
What animal represents the year 2000 on the Chinese calendar?	A	dragon	rabbit	tiger	monkey
What animated character has a crush on the Little Red Haired Girl?	B	Richie Rich	Charlie Brown	Bugs Bunny	Jonny Quest
What are fans of the TV show 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' known as?	B	Mysterians	MiSTies	'Bot Brigade	Gizmonics
What are the dimensions of a 'letter size' piece of paper?	C	3 1/2 x 5 inches	5 x 10 inches	8 1/2 x 11 inches	11 x 17 inches
What are the names of Donald Duck's three nephews?	D	Quick, Quack, Quock	Alvin, Simon, Theodore	Robbie, Chip, Ernie	Huey, Dewey, Louie
What are the names of the two primary M&M's spokes-candies?	B	Peanut and Plain	Red and Yellow	Mort and Marty	They don't have names
What are the plastic boxes that hold compact discs called?	B	frame cases	jewel cases	slip cases	wafer boxes
What are the Smothers Brothers' first names?	B	Frank and Bill	Tom and Dick	Dave and George	Ed and Pete
What article of clothing best describes a 'pashmina'?	C	shoes	pants	scarf	underwear
What automobile company makes the Sonata?	D	Toyota	Honda	Subaru	Hyundai
What biological process replicates DNA?	B	molting	mitosis	diffusion	peristalsis
What car company once manufactured and sold the 'Datsun' line of automobiles?	A	Nissan	Mazda	Toyota	Daihatsu
What cartoon character traveled in a time machine with Mr. Peabody?	D	Rocky	Jonny Quest	Underdog	Sherman
What character did Woody replace on the TV show 'Cheers'?	A	Coach	Diane	Norm	Frasier
What chemical do people frequently use to bleach hair?	B	folic acid	hydrogen peroxide	sodium chloride	nitrous oxide
What children's storybook character believes that the sky is falling?	A	Chicken Little	Curious George	Jack Sprat	Tom Thumb
What children's TV character is known as 'Da Niao' in China?	B	Barney	Big Bird	Mickey Mouse	Tinky Winky
What city did the Beatles originally call home?	C	London	Leeds	Liverpool	Manchester
What city is known as 'the rubber capital of the world'?	D	Omaha, Nebraska	Rockford, Illinois	Grand Rapids, Michigan	Akron, Ohio
What city's airport uses the code ORD?	A	Chicago	Orlando	New York City	Portland
What city's residents are known as 'Knickerbockers'?	C	Boston	Philadelphia	New York City	London
What color is a ruby?	A	red	black	yellow	blue
What color is cartoon character Marge Simpson's hair?	C	yellow	purple	blue	brown
What color is the masthead of USA Today's 'Life' section?	B	green	purple	red	blue
What color is Uncle Sam's goatee?	C	brown	black 	white	dishwater blond
What colors are the two circles in the MasterCard logo?	D	pink and orange	blue and green	black and white	red and yellow
What color is Pepto-Bismol liquid?	A	pink	blue	clear	green
What company makes Oreo cookies?	B	General Mills	Nabisco	Keebler	Kraft
What company makes perfumes called 'Beautiful' and 'Pleasures'?	A	Estee Lauder	Ralph Lauren	Elizabeth Arden	Calvin Klein
What condition is caused by malfunctioning sebaceous glands?	C	bad breath	shingles	acne	carpal tunnel syndrome
What corporation was founded by a candlemaker and a soapmaker?	B	Simon & Schuster	Procter & Gamble	Johnson & Johnson	Smith & Wesson
What country does Bordeaux wine come from?	A	France	Spain	Australia	United States
What country gave us the fashionable headgear called the beret?	D	Switzerland	China	Mexico	France
What country is famous for making wooden shoes?	C	Russia	Thailand	The Netherlands	Australia
What country is the rock group U2 from?	B	England	Ireland	Belgium	Germany
What country was once ruled by shoguns?	B	China	Japan	North Korea	Taiwan
What day of the week is sometimes called 'hump day'?	A	Wednesday	Thursday	Friday	Saturday
What disease does a carcinogen cause?	A	cancer	influenza	emphysema	heart disease
What disease is characterized by a body's inability to properly metabolize glucose?	C	Influenza	Septicemia	Diabetes	Arthritis
What disease is sometimes referred to as the 'royal disease'?	C	rickets	measles	hemophilia	tuberculosis
What do the initials 'E. E.' in poet E. E. Cummings' name stand for?	A	Edward Estlin	Edmund Earl	Ernest Eakins	Eugene Evan
What do you call a young cow?	D	mare	lamb	kid	calf
What do you call three consecutive strikes in bowling?	C	yahtzee	mulligan	turkey	ace
What does a pH level measure?	A	acidity	density	wavelength	humidity
What does an animal produce when it lactates?	C	sweat	wool	milk	methane
What does it mean to work 'pro bono'?	B	work overtime	work without pay	work as your own boss	not work at all
What does the acronym 'REM' stand for?	B	random energy module	rapid eye movement	red entertainment machine	really energetic music
What does the Latin phrase 'e pluribus unum' mean?	C	What a crazy life.	In God we trust.	from many, one	for the greater good
What does the 'ROM' in CD-ROM stand for?	D	Really Obscure Memory	Run-Other Memory	Random Object Memory	Read-Only Memory
What does the Yiddish word 'meshuga' mean?	A	crazy	sacred	stingy	sweet
What exercise apparatus is used during a 'Spinning' class?	A	stationary bicycle	treadmill	rowing machine	barbells
What famous folksinger founded the Institute for the Study of Non-Violence in 1965?	C	Bob Dylan	Woody Guthrie	Joan Baez	Peter Yarrow
What famous radio personality was also the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon 'Scooby-Doo'?	B	Rush Limbaugh	Casey Kasem	Larry King	Howard Stern
What fictional character claims to be 'smarter than the average bear'?	D	Paddington Bear	Fozzie Bear	Smokey Bear	Yogi Bear
What French city is home to a famous international film festival each spring?	A	Cannes	Marseille	Dijon	Lyon
What football player was known as 'The Galloping Ghost'?	C	Jim Thorpe	Dick Butkus	Red Grange	George Halas
What force causes an ice cream cone to fly off of a spinning merry-go-round?	A	centrifugal	vehicular	gravitational	torsal
What former 'Today' show personality played a neighbor on the TV sitcom 'The Hogan Family'?	B	Jane Pauley	Willard Scott	Deborah Norville	Joe Garagiola
What Greek poet wrote 'The Iliad' and 'The Odyssey'?	C	Sophocles	Plato	Homer	Socrates
What high school does the gang from the 'Archie' comic strip attend?	B	Ridgemont High	Riverdale High	Rumson High	Riker's Island High
What important food crop is grown in fields called paddies?	D	wheat	rye	corn	rice
What internet company goes by the acronym AOL?	B	America Over Lines	America Online	Americans On Links	Americans On LOR
What is a balalaika?	A	musical instrument	Russian peasant	type of hat	breed of shark
What is a Dutch oven?	C	a toaster oven	a microwave	a kettle pot	a sauna
What is actor Antonio Banderas native language?	A	Spanish	Russian	German	French
What is an alternate name for the food dish 'Beijing duck'?	B	Shanghai duck	Peking duck	Hong Kong duck	Brooklyn duck
What is another name for the camelopard?	B	circus	giraffe	cantaloupe	oasis
What is another way of writing 'six feet'?	A	6'	6	6''	6#
What is called a 'lorry' in Britain?	B	a toaster	a truck	a babysitter	an elevator
What is considered the proper way to address a duke?	D	'Your Majesty'	'Your Eminence'	'Your Excellency'	'Your Grace'
What is Delta Burke's character's job on the sitcom 'Designing Women'?	C	fashion designer	graphic designer	interior designer	website designer
What is New Mexico's nickname?	C	'The Desert State'	'Gateway to Paradise'	'Land of Enchantment'	'The Garden State'
What is produced during photosynthesis?	C	hydrogen	nylon	oxygen	light
What is the 7-Eleven company's trademarked name for its super-large sodas?	B	Big Slurp	Big Gulp	Big Drink	Big Sip
What is the approximate speed of light?	C	165 miles per hour	122,000 miles per hour	186,000 miles per second	293,000 miles per second
What is the art of elegant handwriting called?	A	calligraphy	engraving	decoupage	lithography
What is the baseball term for a batter who substitutes for another batter?	D	switchhitter	shadow hitter	clip hitter 	pinch hitter
What is the birthstone for the month of January?	B	topaz	garnet	opal	diamond
What is the capital of New Zealand?	B	Sydney	Wellington	Auckland	Melbourne
What is the capital of North Dakota?	A	Bismarck	Fargo	Sioux Falls	Pierre
What is the chemical process wherein a solid is turned to a liquid via the application of heat?	D	distillation	photosynthesis	freezing	melting
What is the colored part of the eye called?	A	iris	pupil	retina	cochlea
What is the correct spelling of New Mexico's largest city?	B	Albuqerque	Albuquerque	Albequerque	Santa Fe
What is the final word of the Pledge of Allegiance?	D	America	stands	indivisible	all
What is the largest animal ever to live on Earth?	A	blue whale	giant squid	woolly mammoth	Tyrannosaurus
What is the largest city in Pennsylvania?	A	Philadelphia	Stewartsville	Harrisburg	Pittsburgh
What is the last book of the New Testament?	A	Revelation	Judges	Ruth	John
What is the last letter of the Greek alphabet?	B	omicron	omega	upsilon	zeta
What is the meaning of 'Betelgeuse', the name of the brightest star in the constellation Orion?	D	blossom on a shield	eye of the archer	the lion's mane	armpit of the giant
What is the medical term for a doctor's identification of a disease?	D	Hypnosis	Prognosis	Trichinosis	Diagnosis
What is the more common name for the disease 'pertussis'?	A	whooping cough	tennis elbow	black lung	German measles
What is the most popular month for weddings in America?	C	January	May	August	November
What is the name for the thin board used to mix colors while painting?	D	pestle	easel	shoe	palette
What is the name of Howard Stern's female on-air sidekick?	D	Allison Norris	Jackie Reeses	Jackie Martling	Robin Quivers
What is the name of Mario's brother in the 'Super Mario' video games?	B	Louis	Luigi	Luciano	Zelda
What is the name of Raggedy Ann's doll brother?	D	Red	Freckles	Randy	Andy
What is the name of the baby who appears in cartoons and comic strips with Popeye the Sailor?	D	Pun'kin	Lamikins	Suga'baby	Swee'pea
What is the name of the character Played by Woody Allen in the 1967 James Bond film 'Casino Royale'?	C	Dr. Evil	Q	Little Jimmy Bond	M
What is the name of the female character played by comedian Flip Wilson on his 1970s TV show?	C	Miss Jackie	Elizabeth Sanford	Geraldine Jones	Gladys Knight
What is the name of the fruit that is half tangerine and half grapefruit?	C	graperine	tangefruit	tangelo	kumquat
What is the name of the mountain where the mythological Greek gods live?	B	Jupiter	Olympus	Vesuvius	Valhalla
What is the name of the Newtonian law that states 'An object in Motion tends to stay in motion'?	A	Law of Inertia	Law of Thermodynamics	Law of Relativity	Law of Gravitation
What is the name of the POW camp where 'Hogan's Heroes' are held?	A	Stalag 13	Alcatraz 17	Devil's Island	Leavenworth
What is the name of the South African political party that was headed by Nelson Mandela?	A	African National Congress	South African Democrats	Inkatha Freedom Party	Aryan National Assembly
What is the name of the StarKist tuna mascot?	A	Charlie	Sam	Al	Morris
What is the name of the Swedish company that specializes in affordable furniture?	D	Gambro	Electrolux	Saab	IKEA
What is the national animal of Australia?	B	koala	kangaroo	platypus	alligator
What is the nickname of Florida's controversial death row electric chair?	D	Old Yeller	Old Geezer	Old Smoky	Old Sparky
What is the normal playback speed of a 12 inch long-playing record?	B	12 1/2 rpm	33 1/3 rpm	45 rpm	100 rpm
What is the official language of The Netherlands?	D	Danish	Swedish	German	Dutch
What is the oldest continuously run sporting event in the United States?	C	Westminster Dog Show	Boston Marathon	Kentucky Derby	Indianapolis 500
What is the oldest permanent European settlement in the United States?	A	St. Augustine, Florida	Plymouth, Massachusetts	Newport News, Virginia	Charlotte, North Carolina
What is the principal ingredient in traditional cole slaw?	C	lettuce	spinach 	cabbage	chicory
What is the proletariat?	D	the homeless	the royalty	the upper class	the working class
What is the proper nautical use of an anchor?	C	to catch large fish	to calculate water depth	to hold a ship in place	to damage other boats
What is the singular form of the word 'graffiti'?	C	graffita	graffitem	graffito	graffitus
What is the square root of 81 squared?	C	9	27	81	729
What is the technical term for someone who studies fish?	B	entomologist	ichthyologist	marinologist	herpetologist
What is the technical term for the offspring of a female donkey and a male horse?	C	burro	dorse	hinny	honker
What is the traditional 20th wedding anniversary gift?	C	paper	leather	china	silver
What is varicella?	C	a fancy pasta	a type of opera	the chicken pox virus	ancient Roman poetry
What is your astrological sign if you were born on Halloween?	A	Scorpio	Capricorn	Libra	Cancer
What is your hallux?	D	earlobe	tongue	eyelid	big toe
What kind of angle is formed where two perpendicular lines meet?	C	obtuse	acute	right	invisible
What kind of animal is a peregrine?	C	moose	cat	bird	fish
What kind of animal is cartoon character Tennessee Tuxedo?	D	cat	skunk	walrus	penguin
What kind of car did Burt Reynolds drive in the movie 'Smokey and the Bandit'?	D	Lamborghini	Camaro	Corvette	Trans Am
What kind of flying contraption is featured in the movie 'Chitty Chitty Bang Bang'?	B	boat	car	truck	bike
What kind of item is a ginsu?	B	radio	knife	toothbrush	martial arts weapon
What kind of worker uses a 'paddy wagon'?	B	limo driver	police officer	rice farmer	paramedic
What letters are on the '3' button of a touch-tone telephone?	B	ABC	DEF	GHI	WXY
What liqueur is used to make a Pink Lady cocktail pink?	A	grenadine	schnapps	triple sec	pernod
What literary work is the source of the quote 'Abandon every hope, all you who enter here'?	B	'Paradise Lost'	'The Divine Comedy'	'Beowulf'	'Twilight'
What mathematical term is used to describe the average of a series of numbers?	D	median	mode	majority	mean
What metal device is used by police to immobilize the wheels of repeat parking offenders?	B	Brooklyn clamp	Denver boot	LoJack	The Club
What Mexican holiday takes place on May 5th?	C	Mexican Independence Day	Santa Anna's Birthday	Cinco de Mayo	Christmas
What nationality was Karl Marx?	B	Russian	German	Danish	English
What Native American tribe did chief Crazy Horse lead?	C	Apache	Comanche	Sioux	Iroquois
What native empire controlled Large areas of South African Territory during the 19th century?	B	Hutu	Zulu	Aztec	Masai
What New Age musician released a 1998 album titled 'King of the Pan Flute'?	A	Zamfir	Yanni	Vangelis	Kenny G
What new token was recently added to the Monopoly board game?	B	piggybank	sack of money	globe	telephone
What newspaper do Lois Lane and Clark Kent work for?	B	The Bugle	The Daily Planet	The Metropolis Tribune	The New York Times
What part of the human body does a gastroenterologist examine?	C	brain	skeleton	stomach	nose
What part of the world was once known as Cathay?	A	China	India	Iran	Indonesia
What people ruled the Andes Mountains until they were conquered by the Spanish in 1532?	C	Pueblo	Aztec	Inca	Apache
What place is named in the title of the 1979 live album by rock legends Cheap Trick?	B	Budapest	Budokan	Bhutan	Britain
What popular toy is featured in the film 'The Hudsucker Proxy'?	B	Beanie Babies	Hula Hoop	Lincoln Logs	Lite Brite
What pro wrestler grapples with Sylvester Stallone in the movie 'Rocky III'?	B	Dolph Lundgren	Hulk Hogan	Andre the Giant	The Iron Sheik
What professional sports team plays its home games in the Alamodome?	D	New York Jets	Detroit Tigers	Boston Bruins	San Antonio Spurs
What rank entitles a general in the US Army to wear three stars?	C	brigadier general	corporal general	lieutenant general	major general
What recording artist claims that sportscaster Marv Albert was a major influence on his sound?	D	David Lee Roth	Meat Loaf	Axl Rose	Chuck D
What singer appeared in the 1992 baseball film 'A League of Their Own'?	B	Brandy	Madonna	Garth Brooks	Whitney Houston
What sport is featured in the 1996 movie 'Kingpin'?	D	wrestling	golf	chess	bowling
What sport is known as 'The Sport of Kings'?	D	polo	archery	yachting	horse racing
What sporting event is held annually on Memorial Day weekend?	C	Iditarod	Kentucky Derby	Indianapolis 500	Super Bowl
What substance was used for blood in the famous shower scene from the movie 'Psycho'?	C	tomato juice	red wine	chocolate syrup	ketchup
What tea is known for its distinctive bergamot flavor?	A	Earl Grey	Darjeeling	English Breakfast	Prince of Wales
What team has won the most World Series?	C	Chicago Cubs	Los Angeles Dodgers	New York Yankees	San Francisco Giants
What term describes a tribe that has no set homeland and wanders from place to place?	A	Nomadic	Pedantic	Schematic	Cathartic
What term describes a word created by rearranging the letters of another word?	C	onomatopoeia	malapropism	anagram	antonym
What term describes someone who does not believe in the existence of God?	D	hedonist	deist	agnostic	atheist
What term describes the passing of genetic traits from one generation to the next?	A	heredity	heresy	homogeneity	hemoglobin
What term is used to describe a group of fish?	C	knot	drape	school	gaggle
What term is used to describe a group of geese?	A	gaggle	gang	gander	grist
What topic does Spin magazine primarily cover?	D	politics	washing machines	books	music
What type of meat is on a traditional Reuben sandwich?	C	turkey	bologna	corned beef	pepperoni
What type of substance is 'terra-cotta'?	B	metal	ceramic	wood	glass
What U.S. president is mentioned by name in the opening theme song of TV's 'All in the Family'?	C	Calvin Coolidge	Harry Truman	Herbert Hoover	Richard Nixon
What was Ludwig Van Beethoven's final symphony?	A	Ninth	Tenth	Eleventh	Twelfth
What was Richard Nixon's middle name?	B	Michael	Milhous	Mortimer	Matthew
What was the birth name of civil rights leader Malcolm X?	B	Michael Brown	Malcolm Little	Malcolm Lincoln	Michael Lloyd
What was the first American college to become coeducational?	A	Oberlin College	Dartmouth College	Grinnell College	Antioch College
What was the name of Huey Lewis' band?	A	The News	The Attractions	The Silver Bullet Band	Louie and Dewey
What was the name of the 1999 art exhibit that sparked a national debate about censorship?	D	'Sticks & Stones'	'Pulsation'	'Black & White'	'Sensation'
What was the name of the first nuclear-powered submarine?	A	Nautilus	Neptune	Nordenfelt III	Nicholas
What was the name of the first ship to sail around the world?	B	Triton	Victoria	Magellan	Elizabeth II
What was the original name of the Apple Macintosh XL computer?	A	Lisa 2	Mac Daddy	Granny Smith	Orange XL
What was the title of Beethoven's only completed opera?	D	'Faust'	'The Silence'	'Immortal Beloved'	'Fidelio'
What were the first names of the early American explorers Lewis and Clark?	B	Morgan and Mason	Meriwether and William	Cabot and Joseph	Meredith and George
What's the popular name of the breakfast meal consisting of sausages wrapped in pancakes?	B	ducks in a pond	pigs in a blanket	cows in a pasture	dogs in the oven
What's the third letter of the Greek alphabet?	B	delta	gamma	phi	theta
What's unique about a skeleton key?	A	It opens many locks.	It's made of bone.	It's extremely old.	It hangs in a closet.
When daylight-saving time arrives in the spring, how do most Americans turn their clocks?	B	one hour forward	one hour backward	two hours forward	two hours backward
When driving, which of the following gestures means 'left turn'?	D	arm bent upwards	thumbs up	closed fist	arm straight out
In the presidential election of 1932, how many U.S. states did FDR not win the electoral votes for?	A	six	seven	eight	ten
When it comes to measuring horses, how long is a 'hand'?	A	four inches	seven inches	ten inches	two feet
When it first appeared on the Internet, amazon.com sold only what?	A	books	compact discs	cars	clothes
When it's noon in New York during daylight-saving time, what time is it in Honolulu?	A	6:00 a.m.	6:30 a.m.	7:00 a.m.	8:00 a.m.
Where are fireworks first known to have been developed?	B	Italy	China	Great Britain	Greece
Where did jazz great Sun Ra claim he was born?	C	Atlantis	Mount Olympus	Saturn	in a saxophone
Where did Lewis and Clark begin their famous expedition in 1804?	B	Seattle	St. Louis	New Orleans	Washington, DC
Where did the Exxon Valdez run aground in March of 1989?	B	Monterey Bay	Prince William Sound	Cape Cod	Gulf of Mexico
Where is Ghirardelli Square located?	D	Milan	Rome	Washington DC	San Francisco
Where is the Louvre museum?	A	Paris	Lyon	Geneva	Vichy
Where was the chicken first domesticated?	B	France	India	Peru	Zaire
Where would you typically find a bailiff?	B	grocery store	courtroom	football stadium	doctor's office
Where is the Frank Lloyd Wright-designed house known as Falling Water?	B	Connecticut	Pennsylvania	Illinois	New York
Which actress played a pointy-eared Vulcan in the movie 'Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan'?	C	Whoopi Goldberg	Jennifer Grey	Kirstie Alley	Helen Hunt
Which American colony, known for its religious tolerance, did Roger Williams found in 1636?	B	Massachusetts	Rhode Island	Virginia	Vermont
Which brand of cat food claims it's so tasty that 'cats ask for it by name'?	C	Fancy Feast	Cat Chow	Meow Mix	9-Lives
Which character on the TV show 'Friends' is a chef?	B	Joey	Monica	Ross	Rachel
Which company holds an annual self-named 'Bake-Off'?	C	Betty Crocker	Duncan Hines	Pillsbury	Keebler
Which famed modeling agency shares its name with a top U.S. automaker?	A	Ford	Chevrolet	Chrysler	Saturn
Which fast food chain used the advertising slogan, 'Where's the beef?'	A	Wendy's	Kentucky Fried Chicken	Burger King	McDonald's
Which of the boys on the TV show 'My Three Sons' is adopted?	B	Mike	Ernie	Chip	Robbie
Which of the following articles of clothing has a hood?	A	parka	kilt	lederhosen	sarong
Which of the following beverages is brewed from the leaves of a plant?	A	tea	coffee	ginger ale	wine
Which of the following breakfast cereals is shaped like the letter O?	C	Life Corn	Chex	Cheerios	Raisin Bran
Which of the following candies is traditionally fruit flavored?	B	M&M's	Skittles	Reese's Pieces	Junior Mints
Which of the following is a natural sugar found in most fruits?	B	necrose	fructose	bellicose	pantiose
Which of the following is a sports award?	D	Oscar	Emmy	Nobel	Espy
Which of the following is about the Watergate scandal?	C	'All the King's Men'	'All the Pretty Horses'	'All the President's Men'	'All the Right Moves'
Which of the following is most commonly kept in a terrarium?	D	money	books	ice	plants
Which of the following is not a flavor of Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream?	C	Wavy Gravy	Bovinity Divinity	Cutie Patootie	Chubby Hubby
Which of the following is not a TV cartoon duo?	C	Chip and Dale	Beavis and Butt-head	Simon and Garfunkel	Tom and Jerry
Which of the following is not in Nevada?	B	Liberace Museum	Pikes Peak	Lake Mead	Hoover Dam
Which of the following must be obtained by foreigners wishing to permanently reside in the US?	A	visa	bill of landing	driver's license	carte blanche
Which of the following requires the use of at least two needles?	D	macrame	braiding	crocheting	hand knitting
Which of the following words does not appear in the Lewis Carroll poem 'Jabberwocky'?	D	brillig	bandersnatch	wabe	grelp
Which of the Three Stooges was not related to the others?	B	Moe	Larry	Curly	Shemp
Which of these actors did one-handed push-ups on stage at the 1992 Academy Awards?	C	Sylvester Stallone	Jack Nicholson	Jack Palance	Marisa Tomei
Which of these animals lays eggs?	C	cow	gerbil	frog	elephant
Which of these animals shares its name with a luxury car?	D	yak	gazelle	sloth	jaguar
Which of these are not legumes?	C	beans	peas	radishes	peanuts
Which of these Australian birds is most closely related to the ostrich?	D	puffin	kookaburra	cockatoo	emu
Which of these candy bars was named for a baseball player?	A	Baby Ruth	Clark Bar	Reggie Bar	Butterfinger
Which of these college football programs has produced the most Heisman Trophy winners?	A	Notre Dame	USC	Oklahoma	Michigan
Which of these colors is a shade of blue?	B	ochre	periwinkle	mauve	ecru
Which of these countries does not participate in NAFTA?	D	United States	Canada	Mexico	Guatemala
Which of these companies is not an online stock brokerage?	B	E*Trade	EDigital	Datek Online	DLJ Direct
Which of these countries is not in Europe?	D	Italy	Spain	Greece	Israel
Which of these countries was not a member of the Axis nations during World War II?	C	Germany	Italy	Spain	Japan
Which of these Democrats lost to Ronald Reagan in the 1984 presidential elections?	B	Michael Dukakis	Walter Mondale	Gary Hart	Jimmy Carter
Which of these dishes is made from pig intestines?	B	haggis	chitlins	grits	chop suey
Which of these evangelists is a cousin of rocker Jerry Lee Lewis?	D	Billy Graham	Oral Roberts	Jerry Falwell	Jimmy Swaggart
Which of these famous baseball figures was once acquitted at court-martial for insubordination?	C	Abner Doubleday	Ty Cobb	Jackie Robinson	Billy Martin
Which of these fashion designers was born in the United States?	C	Laura Ashley	Helmut Lang	Donna Karan	Christian Dior
Which of these foods could contain small amounts of naturally occurring opium?	B	chocolate truffles	poppy seed bagels	carbonated soda	sesame chicken
Which of these foods could you catch at sea?	C	shallot	stollen	scallop	scone
Which of these foods is poisonous to dogs?	C	peanut butter	bananas	chocolate	olives
Which of these games is not played with cards?	C	baccarat	rummy	craps	solitaire
Which of these foods is not traditionally considered kosher?	D	citrus fruits	barley	chicken	shellfish
Which of these Hemingway characters is a newspaperman?	A	Jake Barnes	Rogelio Gomez	Frederic Henry	John MacWalsey
Which of these holidays is not attached to a specific date?	C	Independence Day	New Year's Day	Thanksgiving	Christmas
Which of these horror films spawned the most sequels?	D	'Scream'	'Jaws'	'Halloween'	'Friday the 13th'
Which of these household pets should be vaccinated for parvovirus?	C	hamster	cat	dog	bird
Which of these is a commonly-known investment account?	C	CNN	EMC	IRA	IRS
Which of these is a fish?	A	sea horse	sea cow	sea snake	sea lion
Which of these is a government agency established to protect investors?	C	AAA	NBA	SEC	MADD
Which of these is a member of the cucumber family?	B	green pepper	watermelon	potato	green bean
Which of these is a slang term for 'police'?	A	fuzz	shrinks	bean counters	aardvarks
Which of these is a type of artwork consisting of pieces of wood inlaid in geometric patterns?	B	marquetry	parquetry	harquetry	sharquetry
Which of these is an Italian Design firm?	B	Escada	Fendi	Ghost	Mainbocher
Which of these is another name for a golf course?	B	Pitch	Links	Steps	Suite
Which of these is commonly used to treat allergies?	D	antimatter	anticoagulants	antiseptics	antihistamines
Which of these is made from cacao seeds?	C	marzipan	soy sauce	chocolate	anchovies
Which of these is not a breed of cat?	C	Persian	Turkish Angora	Bichon Frise	Maine Coon
Which of these is not a city in the state of New York?	A	Perskippity	Kerhonkson	Schenectady	Lackawanna
Which of these is not a fabric?	B	Velveteen	Celotex	Seersucker	Tencel
Which of these is not a Hindu deity?	C	Shiva	Vishnu	Sanskrit	Brahma
Which of these is not a 'lock' function on a standard desktop computer keyboard?	A	print lock	number lock	scroll lock	caps lock
Which of these is not a position on an American football team?	C	quarterback	tight end	striker	free safety
Which of these is not a spice?	C	dill	aniseed	cucumber	cayenne
Which of these is not a style of shoe?	A	gingham	brogan	espadrille	docksider
Which of these is not a traditional Greek dish?	A	sukiyaki	souvlaki	moussaka	finikia
Which of these is not a type of chili pepper?	B	habanero	cheyenne	jalapeno	guajillo
Which of these is not a type of primate?	B	baboon	marmot	orangutan	chimpanzee
Which of these is not a type of rock?	D	metamorphic	sedimentary	igneous	deciduous
Which of these is not an ingredient in Yorkshire pudding?	C	eggs	milk	chocolate	meat drippings
Which of these is not found in a Snickers candy bar?	A	almonds	chocolate	nougat	caramel
Which of these is not one of Aesop's fables?	A	'The Dog and the Squirrel'	'The Hare and the Tortoise'	'The Eagle and the Beetle'	'The Ox and the Frogs'
Which of these is not one of superhero Captain Marvel's abilities?	A	the power of Apollo	the strength of Hercules	the courage of Achilles	the wisdom of Solomon
Which of these is not one of the four basic forces in nature?	D	electromagnetic	gravitational	nuclear	centrifugal
Which of these is not one of the official languages of the United Nations?	A	Japanese	English	Russian	Spanish
Which of these is not one of the three branches of the US government?	C	Judicial	Executive	Parliamentary	Legislative
Which of these is not the name of one of rock musician Frank Zappa's children?	D	Dweezil	Ahmet	Moon Unit	Lumpy Gravy
Which of these is referred to as a 'pigskin'?	A	Football	Basketball	hockey puck	catcher's Mitt
Which of these is typically not used as a spice?	C	dill	thyme	hemlock	marjoram
Which of these items is useful for removing ink stains?	A	baking soda	nail polish	hair spray	butter
Which of these measurements is equal to one square foot?	D	50 square inches	77 square inches	100 square inches	144 square inches
Which of these magazines does not focus on natural science?	A	Tiger Beat	Outside	National Geographic	Smithsonian
Which of these men has never been a head coach in the NFL?	D	Dick Vermeil	Bill Parcells	Chuck Noll	Pat Riley
Which of these months has 31 days?	A	March	April	June	September
Which of these movies does not star Jim Carrey?	A	'Patch Adams'	'The Truman Show'	'Dumb and Dumber'	'The Mask'
Which of these names has never belonged to a Pope?	D	Leo	Lando	Linus	Lawrence
Which of these organizations is not part of the U.S. government?	A	NAACP	NASA	CIA	FBI
Which of these organs comes in a pair?	B	liver	kidney	stomach	gallbladder
Which of these painting tools has bristles on it?	C	easel	knife	brush	palette
Which of these pastas is spiral shaped?	D	fettuccine	rigatoni	tortellini	rotini
Which of these people was buried in the Valley of the Kings?	D	Louis XIV	Elvis Presley	Julius Caesar	King Tut
Which of these people was not alive in the 20th century?	D	Mark Twain	Thomas Edison	Sigmund Freud	Ulysses S. Grant
Which of these performers made her film debut in Spike Lee's 'Do the Right Thing'?	B	Jennifer Lopez	Rosie Perez	Paula Abdul	Tisha Campbell
Which of these places is known for art auctions?	D	Shelby's	Nickleby's	Gatsby's	Sotheby's
Which of these plants is the national emblem of Scotland?	B	ivy	thistle	rose	linden
Which of these popular games relies on bluffing?	B	Outburst	Balderdash	Pictionary	Scattergories
Which of these refers to an alcoholic drink laced with a knockout drug?	C	Zombie	Kamikaze	Mickey Finn	Molotov cocktail
Which of these rivers flows through France?	B	Volga	Seine	Mekong	Allegheny
Which of these rock guitarists designed a colorful line of men's neckties?	B	Eric Clapton	Jerry Garcia	Jeff Beck	Keith Richards
Which of these rocks will float in water?	D	granite	limestone	shale	pumice
Which of these sentences is written in the subjunctive?	B	I am not your man	I wish I were your man	Wherefore art your man?	Your man is where?
Which of these snakes is poisonous?	C	anaconda	boa constrictor	copperhead	python
Which of these songs was a Top 10 hit for the rock band The Police?	C	'Radio Ga-Ga'	'Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da'	'De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da'	'In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida'
Which of these sounds is commonly associated with owls?	D	chirp	bark	growl	hoot
Which of these states is not the birthplace of a US president?	C	New Jersey	Nebraska	Kansas	California
Which of these stores is not owned by Gap Inc?	D	Gap	Banana Republic	Old Navy	J Crew
Which of these television programs did not feature characters introduced on 'Happy Days'?	B	'Mork & Mindy'	'Perfect Strangers'	'Joanie Loves Chachi'	'Laverne & Shirley'
Which of these television series was not set in the United States?	B	'Picket Fences'	'M*A*S*H'	'Northern Exposure'	'The Paper Chase'
Which of these toys answers questions?	A	Magic 8 Ball	Barbie	Frisbee	Slinky
Which of these vitamins was the first to be named?	A	Vitamin A	Vitamin-12	Vitamin E	Vitameatavegimen
Which of these words is a synonym for 'perambulate'?	C	kiss	shout	stroll	heal
Which of these words is an adverb?	D	hurried	fast	speedy	quickly
Which of these words means 'yes' in French?	B	qui	oui	ja	okey-dokey
Which of these words is spelled correctly?	C	decieve	foriegn	hygiene	wierd
Which one of these world leaders was assassinated?	A	Indira Gandhi	Ferdinand Marcos	Golda Meir	Neville Chamberlain
Which one of these World War II leaders was not at the Yalta Conference?	B	Stalin	Mussolini	Churchill	Roosevelt
Which of these would you most commonly find in a sconce?	A	candle	food	birds	books
Which Pope immediately preceded John Paul II?	C	John XXIII 	Paul VI	John Paul I	Hank II
Which 'Rocky' film features Mr. T?	B	'Rocky II'	'Rocky III'	'Rocky IV'	'Rocky '
Who co-founded Microsoft with Bill Gates?	D	Steve Jobs	Steve Wozniak	Paul Williams	Paul Allen
Who composed the 'Moonlight Sonata'?	D	Mozart	Handel	Bach	Beethoven
Who is an archenemy of the cartoon superhero Underdog?	A	OverCat	Muttley	Mr. Whoopie	Dick Dastardly
Who is considered the owner of a 'publicly held' company?	B	the CEO	the stockholders	the president	the government
Who is the career hit leader among players never elected to Baseball's Hall of Fame?	C	Steve Garvey	Jim Rice	Pete Rose	Ken Griffey Jr
Who is the creator of the comic strip 'The Far Side'?	B	Jim Davis	Gary Larson	Garry Trudeau	Charles Schulz
Who is the mythological Roman goddess of flowers?	C	Diana	Echo	Flora	Niobe
Who is the patron saint of animals?	C	St. Isidore of Seville	St. Anthony of Padua	St. Francis of Assisi	St. Joan of Arc
Who is the shortest man to ever win an NBA slam dunk competition?	A	Anthony 'Spud' Webb	Michael 'Air' Jordan	Tyrone 'Muggsy' Bogues	Julius 'Dr. J' Erving
Who is the star of the movie 'Casablanca'?	D	Errol Flynn	Clark Gable	Cary Grant	Humphrey Bogart
Who is the star of the TV show 'Everybody Loves Raymond'?	B	Ray Liotta	Ray Romano	Ray Parker Jr.	Sugar Ray Leonard
Who is the twin sister of 'Dear Abby' columnist Abigail VanBuren?	C	Martha Stewart	Dr Ruth Westheimer	Ann Landers	Miss Manners
Who kills Tony at the end of the film 'West Side Story'?	B	Riff	Chino	Bernardo	He kills himself.
Who led the 1831 slave insurrection in Southampton, Virginia?	C	John Brown	Dred Scott	Nat Turner	Harriet Tubman
Who or what was Big Bertha?	B	a comet	a World War I gun	a pro wrestling champion	a giant Muppet
Who originally proposed the idea of daylight-saving time?	A	Benjamin Franklin	Henry David Thoreau	Galileo	Albert Einstein
Who sang lead vocals for the band Big Brother and the Holding Company?	B	Grace Slick	Janis Joplin	Mama Cass	Karen Carpenter
Who was Charlie McCarthy?	D	a U.S. senator	a Chicago gangster	a famous baseball pitcher	a wooden dummy
Who was not one of the Cartwright sons on the TV series 'Bonanza'?	D	Adam	Little Joe	Hoss	Ben
Who was on the $500 bill?	D	Calvin Coolidge	Andrew Jackson	Aaron Burr	William McKinley
Who was president of the United States when Bill Clinton was born?	B	Herbert Hoover	Harry S. Truman	Franklin Roosevelt	Dwight Eisenhower
Who was the English king at the time of the American Revolution?	D	Charles I	James I	Edward III	George III
Who was the first American in space?	C	John Glenn	Buzz Aldrin	Alan Shepard	Neil Armstrong
Who was the first First Lady to run for political office?	A	Hillary Clinton	Rosalynn Carter	Bess Truman	Eleanor Roosevelt
Who was the first US president to resign from that office?	D	Martin Van Buren	Andrew Jackson	Andrew Johnson	Richard Nixon
Who was the longest reigning monarch in French history?	B	Louis XIII 	Louis XIV	Louis XV	Louis XVI
Who was the mother of the Greek god Zeus?	C	Gaia	Phoebe	Rhea	Hera
Who was the WNBA's Most Valuable Player of 1999?	D	Rebecca Lobo	Sheryl Swoopes	Lisa Leslie	Yolanda Griffith
Who were the Chicago Seven?	A	war protesters	bluegrass musicians	bank robbers	mobsters
Who were the Know-Nothings?	C	a '60's comedy troupe	computer designers	a political party	a spy ring
Who wrote 'A Tale of Two Cities'?	A	Charles Dickens	Nathaniel Hawthorne	Washington Irving	Mark Twain
Who wrote musicals with Oscar Hammerstein II?	A	Richard Rodgers	Rogers Hornsby	Gilbert O' Sullivan	George Rogers Clark
Who wrote the lyrics of the Frank Sinatra anthem 'My Way'?	D	Frank Sinatra	Kris Krist offerson	Carole King	Paul Anka
Whom did Billie Jean King defeat in the famous 'Battle of the Sexes' tennis match?	D	Jimmy Connors	Pete Sampras	John McEnroe	Bobby Riggs
Whose profile can you see on the front of dimes that are currently in circulation?	D	George Washington	Thomas Jefferson	Benjamin Franklin	Franklin Roosevelt
With what would you use a wah-wah pedal?	C	bicycle	stock car	electric guitar	baby
